Remember that Seinfeld episode when Jerry is buying a new Saab, and George goes off in search of snacks, and his Twix bar gets stuck in the vending machine?  Well, I do, and as anyone who has ever bought a car before knows, dealerships tend to be the worst places to be when you're hungry or thirsty, or, if you're a coffee lover, craving a good espresso.  Even if David Puddy's there to give you a high five.  So the folks at the Mercedes-Benz dealership in Atlanta were pretty smart when they decided to take customer service a few steps farther than stale donuts and a glass carafe of over heated coffee.  Actually, they took it miles farther.  Introducing Cafe Benz, a full service cafe in the middle of the car dealership.  So when the Mercedes owners of Atlanta take their car in for a service, they can enjoy a real espresso drink, and even a sandwich or muffin or fancy-pants cake. Or, say, you're trying to decide which $70,000 model to buy (I do this all the time)-perhaps you want to think it over while seated on the soft leather couch in Cafe Benz, a freshly prepared cappuccino, complete with latte art, in hand?  This ain't a gimmick, folks.  Cafe Benz uses a La Marzocco Linea and Intelligentsia Coffee, and their baristas know what they're doing.  So the next time you're in Buckhead looking for just the right new luxury automobile, check out Cafe Benz. And watch your back, Southeast Region.  You never know when one of the well-trained Cafe Benz baristas will show up at the next competition... Sarah Allen is co-founder and editor of Barista Magazine, the international trade magazine for coffee professionals.  A passionate advocate for baristas, quality, and the coffee community, Sarah has traveled widely to research stories, interact with readers, and present on a variety of topics affecting specialty coffee.  She also loves animals, swimming, ice cream, and living in Portland, Oregon. The logo of the Superbowl Champion New Orleans Saints has become a symbol of the rebirth of the city following Hurricane Katrina.  While we're one week away from SCAA and the USBC, here's something to take your mind off of practice for you competitors or the last minute details to take care of before you leave for Anaheim for other travelers.  It's a cool story out of New Orleans about a program for at-risk youth that trains them to be baristas while also encouraging them to finish their education.  From the story: The Alpha Coffee Shop, which opened last November, is more than a java hut.  It offers employees a service leadership program aimed at helping troubled youth get their lives on track.  According to program manager Carla Briggs, the shop trains individuals ages 18 to 23 to become baristas.  But at the same time, the service leadership program teaches them to tap into their potential. "We help them fulfill whatever personal goals they may have, " she said.  "We'll partner with other organizations to help our students achieve their goals.  One of our workers is working to get his GED." The story goes on to say that Friday, April 16, (the day after Tax Day and the start of the USBC) Alpha Coffee Shop is hosting a coffee/cake pairing as a fundraiser for the program, so if you can't make it to Anaheim, and you're somewhere near the Big Easy, I'd recommend you check it out.  Kenneth R. Olson is co-founder and publisher of Barista Magazine the worldwide trade magazine for the professional coffee community.  He has written extensively about specialty coffee, traveled near and far for stories, activities, and fun, and been invited to present on topics important to coffee culture.  He is also an avid fan of the Portland Trail Blazers and the Washington Huskies.  Go Blazers!  Go Dawgs! 

		  
